README.md, before:

# ⚡️ Pull request name linter with commitlint ⚡️
---
[![build](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/actions)
[![test](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/actions)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Watch on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/watchers)
[![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Checkout%20this%20library%20https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FJulienKode%2Fpull-request-name-linter-action)
---

**GitHub action** to automatically **lint pull request name** with [**commitlint**](https://commitlint.js.org).
This is useful if squash merge your pull request for example.

**Note**: If you are looking to lint the commits of your pull request with commitlint you can use [commitlint-github-action](https://github.com/wagoid/commitlint-github-action)

This package are using the commitlint 11 version

## Configuration

## Usage

### Create `.github/workflows/pr-name.yml`

Create a workflow (eg: `.github/workflows/pr-name.yml` see [Creating a Workflow file](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-workflow#creating-a-workflow-file)).
Here is an example of configuration

```yaml
name: pr-name-linter
on:
  pull_request:
    types: ['opened', 'edited', 'reopened', 'synchronize']

jobs:
  lint:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v1
    - name: Install Dependencies
      run: npm install @commitlint/config-conventional
    - uses: JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action@v0.2.0
```

**Note**: make sure you install your dependencies that commitlint use 

## Example 

If you want to see an example of usage you can checkout this repository: https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action-example

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7658664/80835181-8a7cc280-8bf2-11ea-932b-7a954db6bf60.png)

Commit message:

docs: add default commitlints and adapt instructions

README.md, after:

# ⚡️ Pull request name linter with commitlint ⚡️
---
[![build](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/actions)
[![test](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/actions)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Watch on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action/watchers)
[![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Checkout%20this%20library%20https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FJulienKode%2Fpull-request-name-linter-action)
---

**GitHub action** to automatically **lint pull request name** with [**commitlint**](https://commitlint.js.org).
This is useful if squash merge your pull request for example.

**Note**: If you are looking to lint the commits of your pull request with commitlint you can use [commitlint-github-action](https://github.com/wagoid/commitlint-github-action)

This package are using the commitlint 11 version

## Configuration

## Usage

### Create `.github/workflows/pr-name.yml`

Create a workflow (eg: `.github/workflows/pr-name.yml` see [Creating a Workflow file](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-workflow#creating-a-workflow-file)).
Here is an example of configuration

```yaml
name: pr-name-linter
on:
  pull_request:
    types: ['opened', 'edited', 'reopened', 'synchronize']

jobs:
  lint:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v1
    - uses: JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action@v0.2.0
```

## About `extends` in your config file

(copied from https://github.com/wagoid/commitlint-github-action/blob/master/README.md ;-), as this also applies to this action. thanks!)
This is a [`Docker` action](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/e2adf403d6d14a9ca7474976ccaca20f72ff8209/docs/action-types.md#why-would-i-choose-a-docker-action), and was made like this so that you can run it with minimum setup, regardless of your repo's environment. It comes packed with the most famous shared configurations that you can use in your commitlint config's `extends` field:

- [@commitlint/config-angular](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-angular)
- [@commitlint/config-conventional](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-conventional)
- [@commitlint/config-lerna-scopes](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-lerna-scopes)
- [@commitlint/config-patternplate](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-patternplate)
- [conventional-changelog-lint-config-canonical](https://github.com/gajus/conventional-changelog-lint-config-canonical)
- [commitlint-config-jira](https://github.com/Gherciu/commitlint-jira)

Apart from the shared configurations that are included by default, you can also include extra dependencies for other configs and plugins that you want to use.

## Example 

If you want to see an example of usage you can checkout this repository: https://github.com/JulienKode/pull-request-name-linter-action-example

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7658664/80835181-8a7cc280-8bf2-11ea-932b-7a954db6bf60.png)
